Hey bro
Such a big mussel shell does not produce pearls.
It's all rubbish here
Bridge mussel beads are generally produced from small mussel shells
Mussel shells as big as this are used for decoration
Please choose something else.
Once you choose, you can't change it.
Just this bridge
You don't understand anything.
Sir, I have orders to ask you out
Please cooperate.
Hey, what are you doing?
What's the hurry? I haven't opened the clam yet.
What's up?
Can't Chen Tianshi wait for so long?
Arrogant boy
Let him drive!
I'd like to see what good things he can come up with
OK
Can you drive bridges?
Why don't you ask the staff to help you?
No, the things in it are too precious.
I have to do it myself
I'd like to see it
What good things can you come up with?
Brother Hu, help me, no problem.
in the end
It's all rubbish
It's so funny haha
Ah!
Ha ha.
Didn't my brother agree to help?
This, this, hahahaha.
masturbation
What happened to the bridge?
It's all rubbish
What's the hurry? The good show is still to come.